README.md, before:

# TYPO3 Extension `Academic Bite Jobs` (READ-ONLY)

|                  | URL                                                                     |
|------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **Repository:**  | https://github.com/fgtclb/academic-bite-jobs                            |
| **Read online:** | https://docs.typo3.org/p/fgtclb/academic/academic-bite-jobs/main/en-us/ |
| **TER:**         | https://extensions.typo3.org/extension/academic_bite_jobs/              |

## Description

This extension provides a basic structure for academic B-ite jobs.

As part of the bundling of requirements for the FGTCLB Academic Extensions, the TYPO3 extension "Academic Jobs b-ite"
was created, which only requires the b-ite key to seamlessly display job adverts from the b-ite platform on a TYPO3
website. The developed plug-in currently supports different categorisations, which are read from b-ite, e.g. appointment
procedures, academic staff, non-scientific staff, training positions. List view, tile view and table view are currently
available as display modes. There are also options for grouping and sorting as well as a limit for the number of job
adverts to be displayed.

> [!NOTE]
> This extension is currently in beta state - please notice that there might be changes to the structure

## Compatibility

| Branch | Version   | TYPO3      | PHP                |
|--------|-----------|------------|--------------------|
| main   | 1.2.x-dev | v11 + ~v12 | 8.1, 8.2, 8.3, 8.4 |


## Installation

Install with your flavour:

* [TER](https://extensions.typo3.org/extension/academic_bite_jobs/)
* Extension Manager
* composer

We prefer composer installation:
```bash
composer req fgtclbfgtclb/academic-bite-jobs
```

## Credits

This extension was created the [FGTCLB GmbH](https://www.fgtclb.com/).

[Find more TYPO3 extensions we have developed](https://github.com/fgtclb/).

Commit message:

[TASK] Shift TYPO3 support to v12 and v13
With this change all constraints and tool configuration are
updated towards the new TYPO3 version support for the 2.x.x
branch (main), which also includes:

* Aligning `Build/Scripts/runTests.sh` to allow only 12/13
  as TYPO3 version, dropping lower database constraints not
  supported by used TYPO3 versions and setting both default
  values for PHP version (8.2) and TYPO3 (12) as the least
  shared cross over version.
* Making `core-11` GitHub action a dummy, not executable
  skeleton.
* Adding `core-13` GitHub action definition.
* Adding missing core extension in functional test cases.
* Disabling functional test in pipeline for TYPO3 v13 due
  to multiple errors. See comments which needs to be done
  to get them up again.
* PHPStan baselines are regenerated to the current state.

```shell
find . \
  ! -path '*/.cache/*' \
  ! -path '*/.Build/*' \
  ! -path '*/node_modules/*' \
  -name 'composer.json' | \
  while read -d $'\n' composerFile
do
  sed -i 's/\^11.5 || \^12.4/\^12.4 || \^13.4/g' ${composerFile}
done \
&& COMPOSER_BIN="$( which composer2-81 )" \
&& ${COMPOSER_BIN} remove 'typo3/cms-composer-installers' \
  -d "packages-dev/monorepo-shared" --no-update \
&& ${COMPOSER_BIN} require --dev --no-update \
  'typo3/testing-framework':'^8.2.7' \
  'georgringer/numbered-pagination':'^2.1' \
&& Build/Scripts/runTests.sh -t 12 -p 8.1 -s composerUpdate \
&& Build/Scripts/runTests.sh -t 12 -p 8.1 -s phpstanGenerateBaseline \
&& Build/Scripts/runTests.sh -t 13 -p 8.2 -s composerUpdate \
&& Build/Scripts/runTests.sh -t 13 -p 8.2 -s phpstanGenerateBaseline
```

README.md, after:

# TYPO3 Extension `Academic Bite Jobs` (READ-ONLY)

|                  | URL                                                                     |
|------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **Repository:**  | https://github.com/fgtclb/academic-bite-jobs                            |
| **Read online:** | https://docs.typo3.org/p/fgtclb/academic/academic-bite-jobs/main/en-us/ |
| **TER:**         | https://extensions.typo3.org/extension/academic_bite_jobs/              |

## Description

This extension provides a basic structure for academic B-ite jobs.

As part of the bundling of requirements for the FGTCLB Academic Extensions, the TYPO3 extension "Academic Jobs b-ite"
was created, which only requires the b-ite key to seamlessly display job adverts from the b-ite platform on a TYPO3
website. The developed plug-in currently supports different categorisations, which are read from b-ite, e.g. appointment
procedures, academic staff, non-scientific staff, training positions. List view, tile view and table view are currently
available as display modes. There are also options for grouping and sorting as well as a limit for the number of job
adverts to be displayed.

> [!NOTE]
> This extension is currently in beta state - please notice that there might be changes to the structure

## Compatibility

| Branch | Version   | TYPO3       | PHP                                     |
|--------|-----------|-------------|-----------------------------------------|
| main   | 2.0.x-dev | ~v12 + ~v13 | 8.1, 8.2, 8.3, 8.4 (depending on TYPO3) |
| 1      | 1.2.x-dev | v11 + ~v12  | 8.1, 8.2, 8.3, 8.4 (depending on TYPO3) |

> [!IMPORTANT]
> The 2.x TYPO3 v12 and v13 support is not guaranteed over all extensions
> yet and will most likely not get it. It has only been allowed to install
> all of them with 1.x also in a TYPO3 v12 to combining them in the mono
> repository.
> Support in work and at least planned to be archived when releasing `2.0.0`.

## Installation

Install with your flavour:

* [TER](https://extensions.typo3.org/extension/academic_bite_jobs/)
* Extension Manager
* composer

We prefer composer installation:
```bash
composer req fgtclbfgtclb/academic-bite-jobs
```

## Credits

This extension was created the [FGTCLB GmbH](https://www.fgtclb.com/).

[Find more TYPO3 extensions we have developed](https://github.com/fgtclb/).
